Portions Copyright (c) 2008, Intel Corporation.

All rights reserved.
Redistribution.  

Redistribution and use in binary form, without modification, are
permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistribution and use of the software is limited to Intel
  processors and Intel WiMAX devices.

* Redistributions must reproduce the above copyright notice and the
  following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
  provided with the distribution.

* Neither the name of Intel Corporation nor the names of its suppliers
  may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
  software without specific prior written permission.

* No reverse engineering, decompilation, or disassembly of this
  software is permitted.

Limited patent license.

Intel Corporation grants a world-wide, royalty-free, non-exclusive
license under patents it now or hereafter owns or controls to make,
have made, use, import, offer to sell and sell ("Utilize") this
software, but solely to the extent that any such patent is necessary
to Utilize the software alone.  The patent license shall not apply to
any combinations which include this software.  No hardware per se is
licensed hereunder.

DISCLAIMERS.

THIS SOFTWARE CONTAINS "ALPHA" OR "BETA" DESIGNATED PRE-RELEASE
FEATURES, WHICH MAY NOT BE FULLY FUNCTIONAL, WHICH INTEL MAY
SUBSTANTIALLY MODIFY IN PRODUCING ANY PRODUCTION VERSION OF THE
SOFTWARE AND/OR IS STILL UNDER DEVELOPMENT BY INTEL AND/OR INTEL'S
SUPPLIERS; (II) THE SOFTWARE MAY NOT BE FULLY TESTED AND MAY CONTAIN
BUGS OR ERRORS AND MAY NOT SUITABLE FOR GENERAL COMMERCIAL RELEASE IN
ITS CURRENT STATE; AND (IV) INTEL CAN PROVIDE NO ASSURANCE THAT IT
WILL EVER PRODUCE OR MAKE GENERALLY AVAILABLE A PRODUCTION VERSION OF
THE SOFTWARE. INTEL IS NOT UNDER ANY OBLIGATION TO DEVELOP AND/OR
RELEASE OR OFFER FOR SALE OR LICENSE A FINAL PRODUCT BASED UPON THE
SOFTWARE AND MAY UNILATERALLY ELECT TO ABANDON IT AT ANY TIME AND
WITHOUT ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Copyright (c) 2003-2007, Jouni Malinen <jkmaline@cc.hut.fi> and contributors. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of Jouni Malinen nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Copyright (c) 2001, Dr Brian Gladman <brg@gladman.me.uk>, Worcester, UK.
All rights reserved.

LICENSE TERMS

The free distribution and use of this software in both source and
binary form is allowed (with or without changes) provided that:

1. Distributions of this source code include the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer;

2. distributions in binary form include the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other associated materials;

3. the copyright holder's name is not used to endorse products built
using this software without specific written permission.

DISCLAIMER

This software is provided 'as is' with no explicit or implied
warranties in respect of its properties, including, but not limited
to, correctness and fitness for purpose.

Issue Date: 29/07/2002

This file contains the definitions required to use AES (Rijndael) in C. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Portions Licensed from Devicescape Software, Inc. 

Intel(R) PROSet/Wireless WiFi Connection Utility contains software
licensed from Devicescape Software, Inc. Copyright (c) 2004 - 2008
Devicescape Software, Inc. All rights reserved.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


OpenSSL License
Copyright (c) 1998-2006 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
must display the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL
Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"

4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without prior
written permission. For written permission, please contact
openssl-core@openssl.org.

5. Products derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor
may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior written permission
of the OpenSSL Project.

6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the
OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit
(http://www.openssl.org/)"

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT "AS IS" AND ANY
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim
Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Original SSLeay License 
Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
All rights reserved.

This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was written so as to conform
with Netscape's SSL.

This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as
the following conditions are adhered to. The following conditions
apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation
included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms
except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in
the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product,
Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of
the library used. This can be in the form of a textual message at
program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with
the package.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product
includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the
routines from the library being used are not cryptographic related.

4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof)
from the apps directory (application code) you must include an
acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)"

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG "AS IS:' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The licence and distribution terms for any publicly available version
or derivative of this code cannot be changed.  i.e. this code cannot
simply be copied and put under another distribution licence [including
the GNU Public Licence.]
